The idea is to create more transparency about companies and individuals that are breaking the law or are non-compliant with official obligations and incentivize the right behaviors with the overall goal of improving governance and market order. The Chinese Communist Party intends the social credit score system to “allow the trustworthy to roam freely under heaven while making it hard for the discredited to take a single step.” Even though the system is still under development it currently plays out in real life in myriad ways for private citizens, businesses and government officials. Generally, higher credit scores give people a variety of advantages. Individuals are often given perks such as discounted energy bills and access or better visibility on dating websites. Often, those with higher social credit scores are able to forgo deposits on rental properties, bicycles, and umbrellas. They can even get better travel deals. In addition, Chinese hospitals are currently experimenting with social credit scores. A social credit score above 650 at one hospital allows an individual to see a doctor without lining up to pay.\n'
harvard_law = '\nIn his important new book, The Schoolhouse Gate: Public Education, the Supreme Court, and the Battle for the American Mind, Professor Justin Driver reminds us that private controversies that arise within the confines of public schools are part of a broader historical arc — one that tracks a range of cultural and intellectual flashpoints in U.S. history. Moreover, Driver explains, these tensions are reflected in constitutional law, and indeed in the history and jurisprudence of the Supreme Court. As such, debates that arise in the context of public education are not simply about the conflict between academic freedom, public safety, and student rights. They mirror our persistent struggle to reconcile our interest in fostering a pluralistic society, rooted in the ideal of individual autonomy, with our desire to cultivate a sense of national unity and shared identity (or, put differently, our effort to reconcile our desire to forge common norms of citizenship with our fear of state indoctrination and overencroachment). In this regard, these debates reflect the unique role that both the school and the courts have played in defining and enforcing the boundaries of American citizenship. \n'
r_digest = '\nThis week 30 passengers were reportedly injured when a Turkish Airlines flight landing at John F. Kennedy International Airport encountered turbulent conditions. Injuries included bruises, bloody noses, and broken bones. In mid-February, a Delta Airlines flight made an emergency landing to assist three passengers in getting to the nearest hospital after some sudden and unexpected turbulence. Doctors treated 15 passengers after a flight from Miami to Buenos Aires last October for everything from severe bruising to nosebleeds after the plane caught some rough winds over Brazil. In 2016, 23 passengers were injured on a United Airlines flight after severe turbulence threw people into the cabin ceiling. The list goes on. Turbulence has been become increasingly common, with painful outcomes for those on board. And more costly to the airlines, too. Forbes estimates that the cost of turbulence has risen to over $500 million each year in damages and delays. And there are no signs the increase in turbulence will be stopping anytime soon.\n'
time_kids = '\nThat, of course, is easier said than done. The more you eat salty foods, the more you develop a taste for them. The key to changing your diet is to start small. “Small changes in sodium in foods are not usually noticed,” Quader says. Eventually, she adds, the effort will reset a kid’s taste buds so the salt cravings stop. Bridget Murphy is a dietitian at New York University’s Langone Medical Center. She suggests kids try adding spices to their food instead of salt. Eating fruits and veggies and cutting back on packaged foods will also help. Need a little inspiration? Murphy offers this tip: Focus on the immediate effects of a diet that is high in sodium. High blood pressure can make it difficult to be active. “Do you want to be able to think clearly and perform well in school?” she asks. “If you’re an athlete, do you want to run faster?” If you answered yes to these questions, then it’s time to shake the salt habit.